hello and welcome in st. James from
insane pain game and I'm going to show
you how to get an emerald proto well I
already have one but I need a different
breed a different type so I go to show
lazar bass and right there in Northrend
and I'm looking for a power power
version I already have a power speed
version at level 25 but for a specific
fight against the whispering panda in
spirit I want a power power version and
since I was coming to get another breed
I figured hey why don't I just record it
and make a video so that's a power speed
version we want to keep it moving and
look for a power power version and if
you're wondering how to tell which pet
is what breed I would download the
add-on pet battle breed ID and this will
tell you no problem very simple great
add-on to me it doesn't matter if the
pet is rare or not I have a stone ready
to upgrade the pet to a rare now it is
okay to look for wild pets and wait and
look for that rare one but specific pets
I want certain versions of to help me be
better in specific battles so here we go
I found my power power version and I'm
going to catch this little guy and add
them to my collection and I rounded up
all my pets with the word emerald in it
I have an emerald shell hatchling I have
an emerald turtle and an emerald well
plant me is emerald more now the emerald
proto whelp has to healing moves so
you're going to get it low and if your
traps miss it's going to heal and you're
going to have to do more damage so make
sure you don't kill the specific pet or
emerald proto whelp that you're trying
to catch I do have a battle stone ready
to upgrade this to a rare version right
away I got a dragonkin stone just the
other day and I said I'm gonna go get a
power power version yeah yeah upgrade
right away now you can save your stone
some pets only come in on common version
so you want to save those stones to get
your pets
Ghora Meno patience and if you're
looking for more pets to catch we have a
list of them in the description and also
subscribe to insane pain game because we
do giveaways every month for amazing
pets good thing we brought more emerald
back up for this emerald battle now I
will try to look for more ways to use
the emerald protal welp I don't PvP with
it but I do want it for a specific fight
against the whispering pandaren spirit
and it heals nicely and does a good
amount of damage very good pet much
harder more faster and of course like I
said there's no shame waiting and taking
your time to look for that specific rare
pet it's just me specifically I don't
want to spend a lot of time doing it
heck I haven't even looked for an unborn
Valkyr so I just don't spend a lot of
time doing certain things I don't have a
lot of patience I have other things I
want to do in the game so I understand a
lot of us are subscribed to warcraft
pets comm and we keep track of how many
pets we have on our pets core I do I
recently have been trying to get a lot
more pets and get my pet score up I'll
leave that website in the description
below it's the pet website period
Warcraft pets calm they have an index of
all the pets the battle moves you know
forum strategies they have a bunch of
stuff on the website it's a great
website if you haven't already signed up
for it so here we are with our emerald
proto welp and we're going to use our
battle stone and evolve it to a rare
right now
all right this pet is a very easy one to
catch no problemo
you follow this strategy I think you'll
be able to get one and here I'll leave
you with the fight against the
whispering pandaren spirit and when I
need my emerald proto welp thank you for
watching if you're new make sure you
subscribe to insane pain game and if
you've been watching us for a while
thank you click the like button leave us
a comment we read all comments take care
everyone insane pain game
you